we have yet another intriguing subject
here when it comes to space and it is
the close approach on this dwarf planet
ceres and also the close approach coming
up of Pluto both are going to happen
this year by two different spacecraft
and what you're looking at here is what
they're saying a flickering white blotch
fount on Ceres now they admit it's a
mystery and that this spot is reflecting
more light than others and I mean
anything they deemed to be a mystery
that's kind of changing giving off light
or reflecting light is pretty intriguing
now this is one of the big things about
this dwarf planet / asteroid monster
asteroid that most people don't know and
it's that this is the largest body
between the Sun and Pluto that a
spacecraft has never been to so they say
so they tell us so as far as the world
stage goes that's what they're saying so
as they get closer and closer the images
are going to get clearer and clearer now
i'm going to leave multiple links this
other one talks in depth about both and
it talks about how first they will come
up old series and then later this year
on pluto now New Horizons will be the
one that makes the trip to Pluto and
they state that by the time these things
get close enough to these planets that
they're going to have crystal-clear
images like never before now let's
remember that because we're going to
hold them to it and see what they end up
giving out to the public but they say
unlike any other time
for they're going to have all this data
high resolution and once they get super
close they're going to beat the
resolution that Hubble had so they look
to provide a lot of good images here
this year they're getting closer and
closer and they also go and explain in
this article down here that this mystery
spot that we're seeing could be a lake
it could be water they say that flat out
so we'll have to wait and see till then
eyes to the skies